Allow configuring CORS on APIRule (#760)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md

**Spec:**

| Field                           | Mandatory | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------------------|:---------:|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| 
| **gateway**                     |  **YES**  | Specifies the Istio Gateway.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | **corsPolicy**                  |  **NO**   | CorsPolicy allows configuration of CORS headers send with the response. If `corsPolicy` is not defined, the default values are applied. If CorsPolicy is configured, CORS headers send with the response are only those defined on the APIRule. Decision about the behavior is provided [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/752). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy**                  |  **NO**   | Allows configuring CORS headers sent with the response. If **corsPolicy** is not defined, the default values are applied. If **corsPolicy** is configured, only the CORS headers defined in the APIRule are sent with the response. For more information, see the [decision record](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/752). |
```

> | **corsPolicy.allowHeaders**     |  **NO**   | Specifies headers allowed with `Access-Control-Allow-Headers` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.allowHeaders**     |  **NO**   | Specifies headers allowed with the **Access-Control-Allow-Headers** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **corsPolicy.allowMethods**     |  **NO**   | Specifies methods allowed with `Access-Control-Allow-Methods` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.allowMethods**     |  **NO**   | Specifies methods allowed with the **Access-Control-Allow-Methods** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **corsPolicy.allowOrigins**     |  **NO**   | Specifies origins allowed with `Access-Control-Allow-Origins` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.allowOrigins**     |  **NO**   | Specifies origins allowed with the **Access-Control-Allow-Origins** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> | **corsPolicy.allowCredentials** |  **NO**   | Specifies whether credentials are allowed in `Access-Control-Allow-Credentials` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.allowCredentials** |  **NO**   | Specifies whether credentials are allowed in the **Access-Control-Allow-Credentials** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> | **corsPolicy.exposeHeaders**    |  **NO**   | Specifies headers exposed with `Access-Control-Expose-Headers` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.exposeHeaders**    |  **NO**   | Specifies headers exposed with the **Access-Control-Expose-Headers** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
```

> | **corsPolicy.maxAge**           |  **NO**   | Specifies CORS policy cache maximum age, provided in `Access-Control-Max-Age` CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **corsPolicy.maxAge**           |  **NO**   | Specifies the maximum age of CORS policy cache. The value is provided in the **Access-Control-Max-Age** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```
